Here is your comprehensive SEO strategy and content plan for Arthavi, designed to dominate the Indian wealth tracking niche in 2026.

Step 1 — Find SEO Opportunities
Based on your product's USPs (Privacy, AI, Unified Dashboard, India-focus), I have identified these high-potential opportunities:

1. Low-Competition / High-Value Keywords
   "safe mutual fund tracker india": addresses the privacy concern (your core USP).
   "track zerodha and groww portfolio together": specific problem-solution query.
   "cams cas statement analyser tool": technical intent, low competition, high relevance to your PDF parsing feature.
   "portfolio tracker without email access": targets security-conscious users who hate apps that read emails.
   "xirr calculator for combined portfolio": feature-specific long-tail keyword.
2. High Search Intent Topics
   Commercial: "best alternatives to excel for portfolio tracking india", "arthavi vs indmoney privacy"
   Informational: "how to consolidate mutual fund folios", "understanding portfolio overlap"
   Transactional: "free ad-free stock tracker app india"
   Step 2 — Generate 20 Blog Ideas
   Here is a content calendar designed to capture traffic at different stages of the user journey.

# Blog Title (Click-Optimized) Target Keyword Search Intent Difficulty Why it can rank Suggested Words

1 How to Track Stocks and Mutual Funds in One Place (Safely) track stocks and mutual funds together Commercial Low Solves the #1 fragmentation problem. 1,500
2 5 Reasons You Should Stop Using Excel for Portfolio Tracking portfolio tracker excel alternative Commercial Low Excel users are looking for upgrades. 1,200
3 Privacy Alert: Why Investment Apps Shouldn't Read Your Emails safe portfolio tracker india Informational Med Plays to your "Privacy First" USP. 1,000
4 CAGR vs XIRR: Which Metric Actually Matters for Your Wealth? cagr vs xirr mutual funds Informational Med Educational content that builds trust. 1,500
5 How to Download and Analyze Your CAMS CAS Statement cams cas statement download Informational Low Captures traffic looking for your input file. 1,000
6 The Best Ad-Free Portfolio Trackers in India (2026) ad free portfolio tracker Commercial Low Users hate ads; you are the solution. 1,200
7 How to Track Family Portfolios: Managing Investments for Your Spouse & Kids family portfolio tracker india Commercial Low Niche use case with high retention. 1,200
8 Zerodha vs Groww vs Upstox: How to View All in One Dashboard track zerodha and groww together Commercial Med Piggybacks on high-volume brand names. 1,500
9 Ask AI: How Artificial Intelligence Can Audit Your Portfolio ai investment assistant india Informational Low Highlights your specific "Ask AI" feature. 1,000
10 Asset Allocation 101: Are You Overexposed to Mid-Caps? portfolio asset allocation tool Informational High Broad topic, but fits your "Insights" feature. 2,000
11 Direct vs Regular Mutual Funds: How Much Are You Losing? direct vs regular mutual funds Informational High Classic topic, highly relevant to wealth tracking. 1,500
12 What is Portfolio Overlap and How to Fix It? mutual fund overlap checker Informational Med Solves a specific pain point of over-diversification. 1,200
13 How to Track Gold Bonds (SGB) Alongside Stocks track sgb portfolio Informational Low SGBs are popular but hard to track. 800
14 The Hidden Risk of "Free" Wealth Trackers in India is indmoney safe Commercial High Comparative piece highlighting your privacy model. 1,500
15 How to Rebalance Your Portfolio Without Paying Extra Tax portfolio rebalancing india tax Informational Med High value, actionable advice. 1,800
16 Review: Is Arthavi the Best Privacy-Focused Tracker? arthavi review Transactional Low Own your own brand search results. 1,000
17 Tracking US Stocks from India: A Unified View track us stocks from india Commercial Med Niche audience with high net worth. 1,200
18 Understanding Your Net Worth: Do You Need a Personal Balance Sheet? personal net worth tracker india Informational Med Broader wealth context. 1,500
19 How to Spot Underperforming Mutual Funds in Your Portfolio mutual fund performance tracker Informational Med Actionable guide using your tools. 1,200
20 Manual vs Automated Tracking: Why CAS Upload is the Sweet Spot manual portfolio tracker Commercial Low Justifies your UX decision (CAS upload). 1,000
Step 3 — Write One Full SEO Blog Post
I have selected Topic #1: "How to Track Stocks and Mutual Funds in One Place (Safely)". This is the highest-value pivot point for your user acquisition.

Target Keyword: track stocks and mutual funds together Secondary Keywords: combined portfolio tracker india, secure wealth tracker, track zerodha and groww

How to Track All Your Indian Stocks and Mutual Funds in One Place (Safely)
SEO Title: Track Stocks & Mutual Funds in One Place: Best Safe Tracker India (2026) Meta Description: Tired of switching between Zerodha, Groww, and Upstox? Learn how to track your entire portfolio in one secure dashboard without sharing your email password. URL Slug: /blog/track-stocks-mutual-funds-one-place-safely

Do you check your Zerodha app to see your stocks, toggle to Groww for your SIPs, and then open an Excel sheet to calculate your total net worth?

You are not alone. The average Indian investor in 2026 has accounts with at least two brokerage firms and multiple mutual fund folios. While diversification is good for your wealth, it is a nightmare for tracking it.

Most "free" apps promise to solve this by asking you to sync your email or SMS. But is that safe?

In this guide, we will explore the best way to consolidate your portfolio into a single, unified view—without compromising your privacy.

The Problem: "Wealth Fragmentation"
As you grow your wealth, your investments naturally scatter. You might have:

Stocks in a Demat account (e.g., Zerodha, Angel One).
Mutual Funds in a different app (e.g., Groww, Coin) or physical folios.
Gold/SGBs in a bank account.
This fragmentation leads to three major issues:

No True Net Worth: You never know exactly how much you have at any given second.
Hidden Overlap: You might own HDFC Bank via direct stock AND via three different mutual funds without realizing it.
XIRR Blindspots: Brokerage apps show simple returns (Absolute %), which hides the impact of time on your SIPs. You need XIRR (Extended Internal Rate of Return) to know your real performance.
The Danger of "Email-Reading" Trackers
Many popular apps offer to "automatically" track your wealth. They do this by asking for permission to read your emails or scan your SMS for transaction alerts.

While convenient, this exposes you to significant risks:

Data Selling: "Free" products often sell anonymized transaction data to loan companies.
Security Breaches: Giving a third-party app read-access to your primary email (linked to your bank) is a security purpose.
Ad Clutter: You are bombarded with "better loan" offers based on your portfolio size.
There is a better way. You can have automation without giving up privacy.

The Solution: CAS-Based Tracking
The safest, most accurate way to track mutual funds in India is via the Consolidated Account Statement (CAS).

A CAS is a government-regulated document issued by depositories (CDSL/NSDL) or RTAs (CAMS/KFintech). It contains legitimate records of every single unit you own across ALL brokers.

Why CAS is Superior?
100% Accurate: It comes directly from the backend of the mutual fund registry.
Broker Agnostic: It includes funds bought on Zerodha, funds bought via an agent, and funds bought directly on an AMC website.
Secure: You download the file. You upload the file. No passwords shared.
Introducing Arthavi: The Privacy-First Tracker
Arthavi was built to solve the fragmentation problem without becoming a data leech. It is a unified dashboard designed for the modern Indian investor.

How to Track Everything in 3 Steps using Arthavi
Step 1: Upload Your CAS
Instead of asking for your email password, Arthavi asks for your CAMS/KFintech CAS file.

Download your CAS from the CAMS website (we provide a direct link).
Upload the PDF to Arthavi.
Magic happens: Our local engine parses the file in your browser to reconstruct your entire transaction history.
Step 2: Add Your Stocks
For stocks, you don't need to link your broker account.

Bulk Import: accurate tracking for long-term holdings.
Live Prices: Arthavi fetches real-time prices from NSE/BSE, so your dashboard is always current.
Step 3: Get Insights with "Ask AI"
Once your data is in, Arthavi doesn't just show a table. It lets you talk to your data.

"What is my exposure to banking stocks?"
"What is the XIRR of my SIPs started in 2024?"
Feature Comparison: Arthavi vs. Others
Feature Typical Free Trackers Excel Arthavi
Unified View Yes Yes (Manual) Yes
Privacy Low (Reads Emails) High High (Local Parse)
Automation High None Medium (CAS Upload)
XIRR Calculation Basic Manual Formulas Advanced
Ads Yes No No
AI Insights No No Yes
Conclusion: Stop Trading Privacy for Convenience
You work hard to build your wealth; you shouldn't have to expose it to track it. By using a CAS-based tracker like Arthavi, you get the best of both worlds: a professional, unified dashboard for your Stocks and Mutual Funds, and the peace of mind that your data remains yours.

Ready to see your clear financial picture? Create your free Arthavi account today and take control of your portfolio.

Step 4 — Extra SEO Boost
Internal Linking Suggestions
Link "CAS" mentions to: /blog/how-to-download-cams-cas-statement (Topic #5).
Link "XIRR" to: /blog/cagr-vs-xirr-mutual-funds (Topic #4).
Link "Ask AI" to: Your feature page /index.html#features.
External Authority Sources to Reference
AMFI India (Association of Mutual Funds in India) for definitions of types of funds.
CAMS / KFintech official download pages (adds trust to the CAS section).
NSE India for stock market data references.
Image Ideas (with Alt Text)
Hero Image: A dashboard graphic showing a pie chart split between "Stocks" and "Mutual Funds" on a laptop screen.
Alt Text: "Unified portfolio tracker dashboard showing securities and mutual funds breakdown."
Process Diagram: A simple 3-step icon graphic: PDF File -> Upload Icon -> Dashboard.
Alt Text: "How to upload CAS statement to track mutual funds securely."
Comparison Table: Visual version of the "Arthavi vs Others" table.
Alt Text: "Comparison of best portfolio tracker apps in India for privacy."
Schema Recommendation
Use Article schema for the blog post and FAQPage schema for the text content.

json
{
"@context": "https://schema.org",
"@type": "FAQPage",
"mainEntity": [{
"@type": "Question",
"name": "Is it safe to use portfolio trackers that read emails?",
"acceptedAnswer": {
"@type": "Answer",
"text": "It carries significant risks. Giving an app read-access to your email can expose sensitive banking alerts and personal data. It is safer to use file-upload based trackers like Arthavi."
}
}]
}
Social Media Post (LinkedIn/Twitter)
Caption:

"Do you own stocks on Zerodha and Mutual Funds on Groww? 📉📈

Stop toggling between apps to calculate your net worth. And please, STOP giving free apps access to your email! 🛑

We built the privacy-first alternative.

✅ Unified Dashboard ✅ Real XIRR Calculation ✅ 100% Private (No email reading)

Read our guide on how to track it all simply: [Link] #Investing #PersonalFinance #Fintech #Privacy #Arthavi"
